Openstreetmap:
    150gb uncompressed XML files as raw data.
    The data is a set of connected nodes. 
        Single nodes refer to places, connected nodes act as streets and cyclic sets of connected nodes enclose areas such as parks or lakes. 
    Data collection/manipulation seems to be geared towards improving accuracy and adding new elements to the existing dataset. 
    Nodes can be modified using tags to identity what they are representing. (we could perhaps store road stress conditions in this manner, however existing roads do not have a very high node resolution.)
    No image data.
    Has iPhone/Android support. 
    
Google Maps API:
    Is most often used in browser and development is done in Javascript. 
    Overlays allow us to place images onto our map at any specified location.
        https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/overlays#GroundOverlays
    Integrates well with google app engine (could be used to host an online app).
    Many supporting API's have been written, ranging from location based services to geospatial data plotting. 
    Usage is only limited with for-profit websites.

Google fusion tables:
    Uses google tables (in google docs).
    Takes .csv files including latitude, longitude and any relevant data to plot onto a map. 
    Pop up dialog stemming from plotted data. 
    Allows for plotting of points, lines and polygons. 
    At most 1MB of data can be sent to API at one time. 
    Every data cell supports 1 million characters. 
    The Google Maps API integrate fusion tables as layers. 

Bing Maps:
    Also has support for image overlays onto the map. 
        http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ee681895 
    API is written in Visual Basic and C#
    Interactive API online: http://www.bingmapsportal.com/isdk/ajaxv7 

Yahoo! Maps:
    Not a very expansive API.
    Most support has gone to Yahoos partner Nokia (Ovi Maps).

Ovi Maps: 
    API support is limited mainly to searches, geocoding and routing.
    The customization is limited to modifying map markers. 
